In this video I'll explain content libraries and how they can be used to share content such as templates
and virtual appliances across multiple Center instances content libraries were introduced with the center
sex and it's basically a repository of things like templates and ISO images as well as virtual appliances
or Olivier files.
You can have a content library that is specific to just a single center instance if you'd like.
So if you're not setting up linked mode or hybrid linked mode and you don't have modal VSAN or instances
content libraries can still be useful.
But they can also be published and can be subscribed to.
So if you create a content library in one sound or server and you put in a bunch of templates then you
can go to another B center server.
Subscribe to that content library and have access to that same collection of ISO images templates and
virtual appliances.
So this allows us to share a common set of templates ISOs in virtual appliances across multiple be separate
instances.
So heres step.
We will create a content library in one of our V Center inventory's and then optimally will have multiple
centers and hybrid linked mode even though its not necessarily a requirement in order to share a contact
library.
What we'll do is then publish the content library on the source VI Sandersen room.
And when we do that it will provide us with a link that we can distribute for any other Center instances
that we want to allow to subscribe to that content library and then we simply go to the destination
the center server.
We go ahead and we add a content library and we specify that we want to subscribe to any existing content
library and provide that you are around.
And it's really just as simple as that.
And on each side you'll have a data store that serves as the repository for all of that content.
So the two sides will synchronize with each other and you'll have an identical collection of templates
ISO images and virtual appliances at both locations.
I want to include a demo with this course as well so if you want to see a content library creation in
action go ahead and watch a demo and that will give you a really good idea of exactly how to create
these and manage them.